I'm saying one of you has lawless power.
It's an injustice.
Let two people hate each other, attack each other.
I was finally able to make a profit.
I cut my shirt a long time ago.
He's not my boss anymore.
Honey, what are you doing?
Excuse me.
Please forgive me, it's him who should apologize.
No, I didn't know this was toxic.
All I did was to protect myself.
It's a commercial building.
Stood at the top of the building.
Even if the host meets me, he must respect me three parts.
Why do I need someone to protect me?
You can make me spend all my fortune on my knees.
But in exchange for more crime.
That's how you protect me.
Do you really care about our brotherhood?
Do you care about me?
So I soon decided that my destiny was in my hands.
I want to reorder.
Take back my way